top 5 Fiesta Bowl matchup somewhat
overshadowed by who Kelly will be
meeting with tomorrow as for his ducks
meeting with Kansas State tonight all
sorts of questions what kind of
distractions were there be for the Ducks
on olympic totally distracted I thought
on the opening hit phone De'Anthony
Thomas he is the king of a 6-yard line
nearly out of bounds breaks up the
sidelines he's 94 yards virtually
untouched we have a clock at 26 miles an
hour give a speeding ticket watching
stretches eyes like a sprinter guy is a
member of the Oregon track team now the
coaches caught as you know says we are
up six to nothing go for two and they do
have a lot of God formation dion jordan
12 seconds in you know they play fast
jim kelly and orderly ain't nothing or
you threaten marcus mariota
Thomas on the screen turns it upfield
look at the effort to cross the goal
line 15 nothing ducks brought us card
with Thomas and his team there's kansas
team down angelo keys running on the
right side nowhere to go the stage at a
gallant on the left side gets around the
edge for 14 yards in a first down child
peas second quarter same drivers
third-and-goal Colin cry it was my eyes
with running all season long to the very
end
here for the goal line touchdown play
with me review watch it again fine took
on that little deviant clearly inside
the power on 15 said is Mariota as
Kenyan smarter
down the sideline Aparna display didn't
see it Ruth was close that she'll take a
little bit either way appears to move
the ball the lights lands right in front
of a missed opportunity hunt got back
cast his piece spitting out an attack of
lays in the Chris Harper it's right
there Brian Jackson number 12 and one
coming over the bridge of the plate game
stays at some field goal issues they
missed that field goal Mariota here it's
coach Riley over the middle and he would
drag some defenders he didn't pick up 23
yards there's 24 seconds to play in the
half now Mariota good protection go to
his right and
for the touchdown borrow was a
tremendous receiver as well as a runner
in this game 24 touchdowns scored less
than a minute get the Ducks they play
fast at a 22-10 lead if Mariota the
first word 2510 he's going to run right
up the middle for 32 yard gain inside
the 30 Megan first and goal 42
keep it scrambles left making it look
easy 31-10 gets goofy people extra point
is blocked by big 19 I Ryan Muir drugs
backwards into the end zone toss the
ball around chatters lives are tackled
in the end zone watch it again from it
here's something you don't see and hear
every day Department run free ride Jerry
explains what the artist closet over
here on the plane on the previous play
we have an unusual ruling the ball was
blocked for card back into the end zone
and declared dead by the defense that
play results in a one-point safety sure
why not the way Steven Jackson was
injured
goofy doubt the sports world Chip Kelly
they are
tostitos fiesta bowl to the tune of 35
the 17 over Kansas State De'Anthony
Thomas scored for career touchdowns in
bowl games and average distance about 68
yards georgia state calls the poem to
all time bcs bowl games Chip Kelly its
third straight 12 wins